recipe detail list header customization (#25)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/android/features/_shared/_custom-views/recipeDetail/RecipeDetailProductListHeader.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> ### productListHeader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ProductListHeader
```

> To create your own recipe detail product list header template you have to create class that implement `RecipeDetailProductListHeader`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your own recipe detail product list header template you create a class that implements `RecipeDetailProductListHeader`
```
